com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/controller/AuthController.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.controller.AuthController
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.config.SecurityConfig
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/payload/SignUpRequest.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.payload.SignUpRequest
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/util/CookieUtils.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.util.CookieUtils
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/UserPrincipal.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.UserPrincipal
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/user/GoogleOAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.user.GoogleOAuth2UserInfo
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/user/FacebookOAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.user.FacebookOAuth2UserInfo
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/user/OAuth2UserInfoFactory.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.user.OAuth2UserInfoFactory
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/config/WebMvcConfig.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.config.WebMvcConfig
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/payload/AuthResponse.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.payload.AuthResponse
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/controller/SequenceGenerator.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.controller.SequenceGenerator
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/exception/BadRequestException.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.exception.BadRequestException
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/HttpCookieOAuth2AuthorizationRequestRepository.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.HttpCookieOAuth2AuthorizationRequestRepository
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/model/User.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.model.User
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.model.User$UserBuilder
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/model/Role.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.model.Role
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/user/GithubOAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.user.GithubOAuth2UserInfo
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/payload/LoginRequest.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.payload.LoginRequest
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/model/AuthProvider.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.model.AuthProvider
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/RestAuthenticationEntryPoint.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.RestAuthenticationEntryPoint
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/CustomOAuth2UserService.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.CustomOAuth2UserService
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/controller/UserController.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.controller.UserController
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/TokenAuthenticationFilter.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.TokenAuthenticationFilter
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/payload/ApiResponse.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.payload.ApiResponse
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/TokenProvider.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.TokenProvider
com/erbf/bugsLife/UserServiceApplication.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.UserServiceApplication
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/config/AppProperties.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.config.AppProperties
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.config.AppProperties$Auth
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.config.AppProperties$OAuth2
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/OAuth2AuthenticationSuccessHandler.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.OAuth2AuthenticationSuccessHandler
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/exception/OAuth2AuthenticationProcessingException.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.exception.OAuth2AuthenticationProcessingException
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/OAuth2AuthenticationFailureHandler.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.OAuth2AuthenticationFailureHandler
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.repository.UserRepository
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/oauth2/user/OAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.oauth2.user.OAuth2UserInfo
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/CustomUserDetailsService.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.CustomUserDetailsService
com/erbf/bugsLife/oauth/security/CurrentUser.java
 com.erbf.bugsLife.oauth.security.CurrentUser
